I'm sorry Aunt Wang Yu
I just don't want another dad to take you away
Enough, what should I do if I haven't seen the face knife?
This little bitch just needs to be cleaned up
Grind his phone to cure your disease
Let's go
Bar
Go to sleep first, I'm not sleepy yet.
I'll be in the living room later
As long as you find the evidence in Guoguo's phone
I can expose this dog man and woman
How nice it would be to die for snacks and dogs
Will you marry me?
Snack group is also me hahaha
Little Pig
Dare to take pictures
Give me the phone
Don't talk, do you?
Hit until you speak
Where's the mobile phone? Give me the hot pot quickly.
GuoGuo
Oops, cell phones in our country are completely broken